Symbolic forms and inscriptions.
These are my life's work.
As my knowledge grew,
I also began to see similar shapes among the stars.
In that instant, I made up my mind to become
a Rune Seeker.
As Farrow just explained, runes are a very powerful ancient inscription that
can be inlaid into your items to give them greater power.
During the Alliance period, engraving shapes on relics will allow you to choose from
several different crafting runes, enabling you to enhance your items.
When you encounter a relic, it will have two to seven
slots. The
more slots you have, the more difficult the relics will be,
but you will also have more options.
At the start of the game, you may
craft some simple damage or resistance runes,
which you can acquire at a lower level than you would normally obtain them
,
giving you a considerable power boost.
But things will soon get interesting. There are
a total of 22 new runes that affect rune protection, and
a brand new resource that will prevent you from dying.
Using these runes will give you additional defensive capabilities, or you can
convert your runic protection into offensive weapons through the Kargo rune ability.
Additionally, there are 13 runes that enhance specific weapon types,
such as this rune that gives grenades a chance to explode a second time.
Or this one, which will grant you a
new buff called "Druidic Blessing" when you severely stun your enemies.
Above that,
there are 22 runes designed to give you power at lower levels,
such as this one, which will give you a lot of elemental resistance, or
this one, which will give you a lot of spirit.
These runes are intentionally designed to be quite powerful, but they will gradually weaken as you level up.
These will be excellent tools for you when you're rebuilding in the league.
We also have 6 runes that can be used to expand the potential affix pool when crafting high-tier items
.
For example, you can socket "Kathra's Sorrow" onto some gloves,
which can then be used to create a whole new set of vanishing-related affixes for
damage over time builds.
After socketing a rune of this type,
you can use ordinary Exalted or Chaos Stones to create new affixes.
Some runes also provide a powerful effect to items,
but they are permanently locked in the slot.
For example, this one provides an additional suffix to any item.
Or this one, which allows you to create a jewelry slot.
Or perhaps this rune series
can transfer any element affix from one element to another.
There is even a rune that can upgrade other runes,
allowing you to upgrade them to levels that are normally unattainable.
In closing, I would like to present "Adel's Legacy" to you all.
It is a special rune that can be socketed into any Kal'god or Ezma legendary item to destroy that item
and create a new rune that draws some of the legendary item's power.
For example,
use this rune on "Shoes of Trampling" to create a "Legacy Shoes of Trampling" rune.
When it is socketed into any shoe,
just like the legendary item from which it originates,
you will deal damage equal to 10% of the overflow damage to enemies within 2 meters of the killed enemy.
Or perhaps "Legacy: Aberrant Dome"?
Destroying an "Aberrant Dome"
will add cold damage based on maximum mana to any weapon.
Through "Adel's Legacy," you can create hundreds more runes,
covering the effects of various legendary items. At
this point, you might be thinking, "Wow, there are really a lot of new runes!"
And you're right.
After all, this is "Adel's Rune".
But we don't want the old runes to fall behind. A
considerable number of old runes that were not used much
were also enhanced,
significantly optimizing the crafting system. Explore all the possibilities that runes bring
in the "Ancient Return" update released on May 30th (Taiwan time).
See you then!